These are the files for the MS titled Number and Time in Acquisition, Extinction and Recovery submitted to the JEAB for the special issue on recovery edited by Timothy Shahan.

The data were analyzed using the open source custom Matlab toolbox TSlib [Gallistel, C. R., Balci, F., Freestone, D., Kheifets, A., & King, A. P. (2014). Automated, Quantitative Cognitive/Behavioral Screening of Mice: For Genetics, Pharmacology, Animal Cognition and Undergraduate Instruction. Journal of Visualized Experiments (JoVE). doi 10.3791/51047 (2014)]. The commands in this toolbox operate on the contents of fields in--and return results to fields in--a Matlab structure variable named 'Experiment'. The DataFiles folder contains an Experiment structure for each of the 4 experiments in the MS and also the structure for the pilot experiment. These structures are the contents of the five files named Experiment1, Experiment2, Experiment3, Experiment4, and Pilot. The experiment structures are hierarchical data structures. The levels are Experiment, Subject, Session, TrialType and Trial. Subject, Session and Trial are indexed--Subject(n), Session(n) Trial(n). A field named TSData at the Session level contains the two columns of raw data for a given subject and session. The first column is for the session times, the second for event codes. The file named LongTable.mat contains subject level summary statistics from all 4 experiments. The plots and statistics are all based on the data in this long table. There is also a comma separated version of this long table (LongTable.txt). The file named 'TableVariables.mat contains the variables and their values for the columns of the long table.

The initial analyses of the data in each Experiment structure were done by Stathis Papachristos. His code is in the files named Experiment1analysis.m, Experiment2analysis.m, etc in the MatlabCode folder. CR Gallistel did the subsequent analyses leading to the graphs in the figures and the contents of the long table. His code is in the file named 'CRGcode.m'. The 'Acq.m' file contains the very simple and short function that computed the trials to acquisition. This is an example of a helper function in the TSsystem, a purpose-specific function created for a particular analysis and passed in to one of the commands in the TSlib. The folder named 'TSlib' contains the open source functions/commands in the custom TSlib toolbox. The BF2.m file is another example of a helper function. It contains the code that performs does the Bayesian equivalent of t tests.

The 'Manuscript' folder contains files generated in the course of preparing the MS. The 'EBPapachristos.doc' file is the MS that Papachristos submitted back in 2005 or thereabouts. It was rejected and he did not revise and resubmit because he was leaving academia. The 'SubmittedMS.docx' file is the (slightly improved) file that CRG submitted to the JEAB 10/29/2019. The slight improvements over the file actually submitted are: 1) a Figure 3 that corrects the error in the statistics given in the lower left panel and that includes BFs on all 6 panels, and 2) a revised Statistical Analyses subsection, and 3) the addition of a Figure 4 showing examples of the graphs output by the BF.m function. The 'Table 2 v 2 Statistics' file contains a much-improved version of the Table 2 that was in the actually submitted MS. This improved 3-column table gives the dependent variable in the first column, the comparison (independent variables and groups) in the second column and the t values, p values and BFs in the 3rd column. The Matlab commands for each comparison are in LT.Properties.UserData (the annotation of the LongTable). The Manuscript folder also contains the 4 figures in the MS. (The 4th was not in the MS actually submitted.)